Application is made using html, css and javascript

For adding a new task -> click Add Task button on the left, fill the form in the pop up and click add task

For Editing an existing task -> click edit on that task, update the form in the pop up and click add task

For Deleting an existing task -> click Delete button on that task and the task will get deleted

For Marking an existing task as done and undone -> click Mark as Done button on that task and the task will be marked as done

For seaching and Filtering ->  there are buttons on the left of the page with appropriate names

For showing Backlogs and activity logs as well, there are buttons with appropriate names


Features included:

Add Todo: Users can add new tasks to the todo list.

Edit Todo: Users can edit the details of existing tasks.

Delete Todo: Users can remove tasks from the todo list. 

Mark as Done: Users can mark tasks as completed.

Mark as Undone: Users can mark completed tasks as undone.

Add Category: Users can categorize tasks to organize them better. 

Store Todo in Local Storage: The todo list will be stored in the browser's local storage to persist the data. 

Add Due-date to Todo: Users can set due-dates for tasks to track deadlines. 

Priority: Tasks can be assigned a priority level (low, medium, high). 

Filters:
    Due Date: Users can filter tasks based on a specific due date range.
    Category: Users can filter tasks based on categories.
    Priority: Users can filter tasks based on priority levels.
    Subtasks: Users can create subtasks under main tasks for better task management. 

Tags: Users can add tags to tasks for easy identification and grouping. 

Sorting: Users can sort the tasks based on due date, priority, etc.

View Backlogs: Users can view tasks that are pending or missed. 

Activity Logs: Users can view logs of task-related activities. 

Search:
    Exact Todo: Users can search for a specific task using its exact name.
    Sub-tasks: Users can search for tasks based on their subtasks.
    Similar Words: Users can search for tasks with names similar to a given search term.
    Partial Search: Users can search for tasks using partial keywords.

Tags: Users can search for tasks based on specific tags.

Date Auto Complete: Users will get auto-complete while creating a new todo for due-date put in as text, so if the user puts in "complete x by tomorrow" - tomorrow's date should be taken as the due date automatically and the todo text should be "complete x" only. Similarly, if the todo text is, "complete x by 13th Jan 2023 3 pm" then the date and time should automatically be captured from the textbox to create the due date.

Reminders (Cron): Users can set reminders for important tasks.

